DOCS-2467: first draft (#1638)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/prepaid-cards/edenred/product-rules.md

---

> title: "Edenred Product rules"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Edenred product rules"
```

breadcrumb_title: 'Product rules'
weight: 10
meta_title: "Edenred product rules - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "Sign up. Build and test your payments integration. Explore our products and services. Use our API Reference, SDKs, and wrappers. Get support."
short_description: "Key information, supported countries and currencies, product rules"
layout: 'child'
---

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|

> | **Payment type**   | Prepaid card  | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Your draft was based on the product rules template before I updated it a few days ago, so I've adjusted it in line.

> | **API flow**  | [Redirect](/api/#edenred) | [More information](/developer/api/difference-between-direct-and-redirect) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| **Countries**  | Belgium  | |

> | **Currencies**  | EUR | [More information](/faq/general/supported-currencies) | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Currencies**  | EUR | [More information](/faq/general/supported-currencies) | 
| **Chargebacks**  | No | [More information](/payments/chargebacks/)  |
```

| **Refunds**  | No  | [More information](/payments/refunds/) | 

> | **Recurring Payments**  | No | [More information](/payments/features/recurring-payments/)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Payment flow**  | [Redirect](/api/#edenred) | [More information](/developer/api/difference-between-direct-and-redirect) |
| **Recurring Payments**  | No | [More information](/payments/features/recurring-payments/)  |
```

> | **Chargebacks**  | No | [More information](/payments/chargebacks/)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Merchants must have a contract with Edenred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must sign a contract with Edenred.
```

> - For each Edenred product, the customer must only be allowed to purchase goods according to Edenred's voucher rules. It is the responsibility of the merchant to adhere to these rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each voucher, you must comply with Edenred's rules regarding permitted products and services. 
```

> - An Edenred card can contain multiple Edenred vouchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An Edenred prepaid card can contain multiple Edenred vouchers.
```

- Edenred vouchers can be used for partial payments in combination with another payment method.

> - Merchants can find all the Edenred transactions for their website on [Edenred](https://myedenred.be).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View all Edenred transactions for your website in [My Edenred](https://myedenred.be).
```

> - To request support for another currency, contact your account manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To request support for another currency, email your account manager at <sales@multisafepay.com>
```
